The Dorian Principle, a biblical response to the commercialization of Christianity by
Conley Owens, Appendix B, Copyright in the United States.
And the United States, Copyright applies to original works fixed in a tangible medium
of expression.
It may additionally apply to various artistic works, but does not protect facts or inventions.
Works exist under copyright protection the moment they are fixed in a tangible form.
One may register a work with the U.S. Copyright Office, but this registration is unnecessary
to establish protection only to assist in the event of litigation.
Copyright protection provides the copyright holder with exclusive rights to reproduce the
original work, make derivative works, distribute copies of a work, or to display or perform
that work publicly.
However, fair use doctrine allows for segments of a protected work to be copied and distributed
for purposes such as criticism.
Copyright protection lasts for the life of the author plus an additional 70 years.
For anonymous works or works made for hire, it typically endures for 95 years from initial
publication.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act, DMCA, enacted in 1998, provides additional protections
or limitations on digital works.
Because digital works often includes some copy protection mechanism, the DMCA makes it
illegal to circumvent these mechanisms or disseminate tools intended to circumvent these
mechanisms.
Additionally, the DMCA makes it illegal to link to infringing content.
As many service providers, e.g. online video sites, OSContin uploaded by users, the DMCA
offers a provision to grant safe harbor for such utilities provided they comply with
regulations designed to prevent copyright infringement.
Of course, there are many details and edge cases not covered in this brief summary.
Furthermore, copyright law in the United States has a varied history, so these rules do not
apply uniformly to works authored in the past.
End of Appendix B
[Music]